Your Majesty, Minister Shen requests an audience.
Let him wait outside. I will see him shortly.
You should rest well.
I’ll be right back.
Biyuan, come here.
The Empress blames me for not protecting you well.
It’s not your fault. What happened after I lost consciousness?
The Emperor is asking
Minister Shen to investigate this matter thoroughly.
He also asked what you have been doing recently.
It seems the Emperor suspects me.
I need to be careful.
But,
should I tell him about Duke Yuan and the consort’s conspiracy?
Will he believe me?
You say this matter is related to Duke Yuan?
I found that the lamp had been tampered with.
A maid mentioned
seeing Duke Yuan near the lamp.
Good. I haven’t confronted him yet.
He seems anxious now.
Also, with Princess Loulan’s death,
the border soldiers are now on high alert.
We don’t have clear evidence yet.
If we arrest Duke Yuan, he might not confess.
Don’t worry. I already have evidence.
First, confine him.
Don’t let him die easily.
I
still need to send him a special gift.
I will follow your orders.
Why are you still awake, Your Majesty?
Have you found out who the culprit is?
It’s Duke Yuan. As expected, it was him.
I overheard a conversation
between Duke Yuan and the consort in the Imperial Garden.